Update Game Instructions (#2)
rayvittum/reviewing-a-pull-request: README.md

You can play the game at: https://githubschool.github.io/github-games/

### Instructions for playing the game

> 1. Press the space bar to begin.

Reviewer: space bar = 🌮

2. Use the up and down arrow keys to rotate the shape.

> 3. Use the left and right arrow keys to position the shape.

Reviewer: nice ♋️

4. The goal is to create complete rows with no empty spaces.
5. When completed, the rows will disappear.

> 6. To pause the game, just press the space bar again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. To pause the game, just press the P button.
```
